[GEOS-11141] Add section about logging configuration hardening (#7144)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/user/source/production/config.rst

You can change the logging level in the :ref:`config_globalsettings_log_profile`.  You will want to choose the ``PRODUCTION`` logging configuration, where only problems are written to the log files.

Logging configuration hardening
-------------------------------

> For production systems, it is advised to set the log location via the environment variable. This prevents overriding it via the administration GUI or REST API, providing better separation of responsibility between those setting up and controlling the actual machine, and those configuring the GeoServer data, styles and the like. Follow :ref:`overriding_the_log_location_setup_in_the_geoserver_configuration` for more information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For production systems, it is advised to define the log location using the ``GEOSERVER_LOG_LOCATION `` parameter (defined as either an environment variable, java system property, or servlet context parameter.)

Defining ``GEOSERVER_LOG_LOCATION`` has priority, causing the value provided using the Admin Console GUI or REST API to be ignored. This apporach establishes a separation of responsibility between those setting up and controlling the actual machine, and those configuring the GeoServer application.

Follow :ref:`overriding_the_log_location_setup_in_the_geoserver_configuration` for more information
```

> 

Reviewer: Thanks, that is clearly written.

There are actually several ways (environmental variable, java system property, or web application parameter) to set these things. I know most system admins would just use the environmental variable, but there may still be someone configuring web application parameters in tomcat (hint I am that someone).

aside: I believe there are a number of settings that can be defined in this manner that all could be used if one wished to enforce a strong separation of concerns between those running the machine and the REST / GUI interface.

You can change the logging level in the :ref:`config_globalsettings_log_profile`.  You will want to choose the ``PRODUCTION`` logging configuration, where only problems are written to the log files.

Logging configuration hardening
-------------------------------

For production systems, it is advised to set ``GEOSERVER_LOG_LOCATION `` parameter during startup. The value may be defined as either an environment variable, java system property, or servlet context parameter.

> Defining ``GEOSERVER_LOG_LOCATION`` has priority, causing the value provided using the Admin Console GUI or REST API to be ignored. This apporach establishes a separation of responsibility between those setting up and controlling the actual machine, and those configuring the GeoServer application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Defining ``GEOSERVER_LOG_LOCATION`` has priority, causing the value provided using the Admin Console GUI or REST API to be ignored. This approach establishes a separation of responsibility between those setting up and controlling the actual machine, and those configuring the GeoServer application.
```

> Follow :ref:`overriding_the_log_location_setup_in_the_geoserver_configuration` for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow :ref:`Overriding the log location <logging>` for more information.
```
